# Input

_Auto generated documentation for WebKit inspector

* Commands
 * [dispatchKeyEvent](#inputdispatchkeyeventtype-modifiers-timestamp-text-unmodifiedtext-keyidentifier-windowsvirtualkeycode-nativevirtualkeycode-maccharcode-autorepeat-iskeypad-issystemkey-callback)
 * [dispatchMouseEvent](#inputdispatchmouseeventtype-x-y-modifiers-timestamp-button-clickcount-callback)


## Commands

### Input.dispatchKeyEvent(type, [modifiers], [timestamp], [text], [unmodifiedText], [keyIdentifier], [windowsVirtualKeyCode], [nativeVirtualKeyCode], [macCharCode], [autoRepeat], [isKeypad], [isSystemKey], callback)

Dispatches a key event to the page.

### Parameters

_**type ( string enumerated ["keyDown","keyUp","rawKeyDown","char"] )**_<br>
> Type of the key event.

_**modifiers ( optional integer )**_<br>
> Bit field representing pressed modifier keys. Alt=1, Ctrl=2, Meta/Command=4, Shift=8 (default: 0).

_**timestamp ( optional number )**_<br>
> Time at which the event occurred. Measured in UTC time in seconds since January 1, 1970 (default: current time).

_**text ( optional string )**_<br>
> Text as generated by processing a virtual key code with a keyboard layout. Not needed for for <code>keyUp</code> and <code>rawKeyDown</code> events (default: "")

_**unmodifiedText ( optional string )**_<br>
> Text that would have been generated by the keyboard if no modifiers were pressed (except for shift). Useful for shortcut (accelerator) key handling (default: "").

_**keyIdentifier ( optional string )**_<br>
> Unique key identifier (e.g., 'U+0041') (default: "").

_**windowsVirtualKeyCode ( optional integer )**_<br>
> Windows virtual key code (default: 0).

_**nativeVirtualKeyCode ( optional integer )**_<br>
> Native virtual key code (default: 0).

_**macCharCode ( optional integer )**_<br>
> Mac character code (default: 0).

_**autoRepeat ( optional boolean )**_<br>
> Whether the event was generated from auto repeat (default: false).

_**isKeypad ( optional boolean )**_<br>
> Whether the event was generated from the keypad (default: false).

_**isSystemKey ( optional boolean )**_<br>
> Whether the event was a system key event (default: false).

_**callback ( function )**_<br>

### Results

_**error ( error )**_<br>


### Input.dispatchMouseEvent(type, x, y, [modifiers], [timestamp], [button], [clickCount], callback)

Dispatches a mouse event to the page.

### Parameters

_**type ( string enumerated ["mousePressed","mouseReleased","mouseMoved"] )**_<br>
> Type of the mouse event.

_**x ( integer )**_<br>
> X coordinate of the event relative to the main frame's viewport.

_**y ( integer )**_<br>
> Y coordinate of the event relative to the main frame's viewport. 0 refers to the top of the viewport and Y increases as it proceeds towards the bottom of the viewport.

_**modifiers ( optional integer )**_<br>
> Bit field representing pressed modifier keys. Alt=1, Ctrl=2, Meta/Command=4, Shift=8 (default: 0).

_**timestamp ( optional number )**_<br>
> Time at which the event occurred. Measured in UTC time in seconds since January 1, 1970 (default: current time).

_**button ( optional string enumerated ["none","left","middle","right"] )**_<br>
> Mouse button (default: "none").

_**clickCount ( optional integer )**_<br>
> Number of times the mouse button was clicked (default: 0).

_**callback ( function )**_<br>

### Results

_**error ( error )**_<br>




